Add content on performance benchmarks. (#461)
numpy/numpy.org: content/en/benchmark.md

* Visualization Code: <a href = "/benchmarks/python/plot.py">here</a>.

<html>
<head>
<style>
table, th, td {
  border: 1px solid black;
  border-collapse: collapse;
}
</style>
</head>
 <table>
  <tr>
   <td><b>Algorithm & Source Code</b></td>
   <td><b>Implementation Details</b></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><a href = "/benchmarks/python/optimized_numpy.py">NumPy</a></td>
   <td>Vectorized Approach, Broadcasting Method, NumPy Arrays</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><a href = "/benchmarks/python/pure_python.py">Python</a></td>
   <td>Standard Python Approach, Using List</td>
  </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><a href = "/benchmarks/cpp/main.cpp">C++</a></td>
  <td>C++ Implementation, GNU C++ Compiler</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
   <td><a href = "/benchmarks/python/compiled_methods.py">Numba</a></td>
   <td>Just-In-time Compilation, Non-Vectorized Approach, Using Numba at the Backend via Transonic, NumPy Arrays</td>
  </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><a href = "/benchmarks/python/compiled_methods.py">Pythran</a></td>
  <td>Just-In-Time Compilation, Non-Vectorized Approach, Pythran at the Backend via Transonic, NumPy Arrays</td>
 </tr>
 </table>
</html>

## Results

> Table values represent the normalized time taken in seconds by each algorithm to run on the given datasets for $50$ number of iterations. The raw timing data can be downloaded from <a href = "benchmarks/data/table.csv">here</a>.

Reviewer: Format to 80 columns, specify the normalization used in the table, and remove reduncancy
```suggestion
Table values represent the normalized time `time / n_particles` taken in
seconds by each algorithm to run on the given datasets for $50$ iterations. The
raw timing data can be downloaded from <a href =
"benchmarks/data/table.csv">here</a>.```

Author: Sure, I'll make the edits. Thanks!
